[docs] Fix external broken links and other minor fixes (#34155)
expo/expo: docs/pages/bare/installing-expo-modules.mdx

<DiffBlock source="/static/diffs/expo-ios.diff" />

> Optionally, you can also add additional delegate methods to your **AppDelegate.mm**. Some libraries may require them, so unless you have a good reason to leave them out, it is recommended to add them. [See delegate methods in AppDelegate.mm](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/sdk-52/templates/expo-template-bare-minimum/ios/HelloWorld/AppDelegate.mm#L28-L55).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can also add additional delegate methods to your **AppDelegate.mm**. Some libraries may require them, so unless you have a good reason to leave them out, it is recommended to add them. [See delegate methods in AppDelegate.mm](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/sdk-52/templates/expo-template-bare-minimum/ios/HelloWorld/AppDelegate.mm#L33-L60).
```
